LINK TO CODEPEN ASSIGNMENT
https://codepen.io/masondavis2001/pen/qBbBEvZ?editors=1100


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
it is HTML that gives meaning to our content
2. What is HTML used for? 
structure of our website
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
It's added to the start of a tag, modifies them.
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It is used for titles, it should only be used once.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
src, img
6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<head>
7. What is an id? 
specifies an ID for an html Element
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Javascript, CSS
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once
10. What is a class? 
The class attribute specifies one or more classnames for an element
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
<div>
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
As many times as needed
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
just add a target="_blank" attribute to your links
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
specify alternate text for an image
15. How do I reference an id?
#id 
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section defines a section, div defines a division
17. What is CSS used for? 
Styling the webpage
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
just type h2, then the command
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
an ID can be used only once, while a class can be used multiple times. ID would be used to specify unique element, likewise for class.
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
period, followed by name of class
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
match elements that are direct children of certain parent elements. This is useful when you need to save time, automatic selection.
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
div.name
24. What is a pseudo selector?
selects elements that are in a specific state.
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
CAPITALS: uppercase, Lowercase: lowercase, Capitalize: capitalize
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted black
29. How do I select everything on the page?
Command+A 
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
Begin with /*, end with */
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
use the pwd command
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
use the ls command
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
Use the rm command
34. Why should I use version control? 
To track every individual change in your project
35. How often should I commit to github?
Often, every 20 minutes or so
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin "branch-name"
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
1.Create your own version of this repo - Fork
2.Add your TL as a collaborator
3.Clone the repo
4.Create a branch git checkout -b 'firstName-lastName'
5.Add a file to the project called yourFirstName-yourLastName.txt. This should contain the link to your completed codepen from part 2 as well as the review questions/answers
6.Run your usual git commands for adding/committing and pushing Be sure to push to your branch!
7.Create a Pull-Request to submit your work
8.Use your own student fork as the base (compare across forks, base-fork -> master).
9.Add your TL as a reviewer on the Pull-Request
10.TL then will count the Assignment as done by merging the HW back into master "STUDENT FORK".